androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$styleable
org/pgsqlite/R.java
 org.pgsqlite.R
 org.pgsqlite.R$anim
 org.pgsqlite.R$attr
 org.pgsqlite.R$bool
 org.pgsqlite.R$color
 org.pgsqlite.R$dimen
 org.pgsqlite.R$drawable
 org.pgsqlite.R$id
 org.pgsqlite.R$integer
 org.pgsqlite.R$layout
 org.pgsqlite.R$string
 org.pgsqlite.R$style
 org.pgsqlite.R$styleable
 org.pgsqlite.R$xml
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/facebook/fresco/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.soloader.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/fresco/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/horcrux/svg/R.java
 com.horcrux.svg.R
 com.horcrux.svg.R$anim
 com.horcrux.svg.R$attr
 com.horcrux.svg.R$bool
 com.horcrux.svg.R$color
 com.horcrux.svg.R$dimen
 com.horcrux.svg.R$drawable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$id
 com.horcrux.svg.R$integer
 com.horcrux.svg.R$layout
 com.horcrux.svg.R$string
 com.horcrux.svg.R$style
 com.horcrux.svg.R$styleable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$xml
com/microsoft/codepush/react/R.java
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$anim
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$attr
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$bool
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$color
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$dimen
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$drawable
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$id
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$integer
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$layout
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$string
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$style
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$styleable
 com.microsoft.codepush.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
com/microsoft/appcenter/R.java
 com.microsoft.appcenter.R
com/google/android/gms/flags/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.flags.R
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
com/microsoft/appcenter/analytics/R.java
 com.microsoft.appcenter.analytics.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
com/ssapp/MainActivity.java
 com.ssapp.MainActivity
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/nativememory/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$styleable
com/microsoft/appcenter/reactnative/appcenter/R.java
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$anim
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$attr
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$bool
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$color
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$dimen
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$drawable
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$id
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$integer
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$layout
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$string
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$style
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$styleable
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.appcenter.R$xml
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/ssapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.ssapp.BuildConfig
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/reactnativecommunity/netinfo/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$xml
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
com/facebook/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.R
 com.facebook.flipper.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/cloudmessaging/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.R
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/network/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/facebook/fresco/ui/common/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.ui.common.R
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
com/reactcommunity/rndatetimepicker/R.java
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$anim
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$attr
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$bool
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$color
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$dimen
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$drawable
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$id
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$integer
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$layout
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$string
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$style
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$styleable
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$xml
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
me/leolin/shortcutbadger/R.java
 me.leolin.shortcutbadger.R
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/microsoft/appcenter/reactnative/shared/R.java
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.shared.R
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
com/ssapp/MainApplication.java
 com.ssapp.MainApplication
 com.ssapp.MainApplication$1
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/vision_common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision_common.R
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
com/google/android/gms/phenotype/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.phenotype.R
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
com/learnium/RNDeviceInfo/R.java
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$anim
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$attr
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$bool
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$color
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$dimen
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$drawable
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$id
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$integer
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$layout
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$string
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$style
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$styleable
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$xml
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/ashmem/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/reactnativepagerview/R.java
 com.reactnativepagerview.R
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$anim
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$attr
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$bool
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$color
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$dimen
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$drawable
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$id
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$integer
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$layout
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$string
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$style
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$styleable
 com.reactnativepagerview.R$xml
com/reactnativecommunity/checkbox/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.checkbox.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/stetho/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$styleable
com/th3rdwave/safeareacontext/R.java
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$anim
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$attr
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$bool
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$color
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$dimen
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$drawable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$id
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$integer
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$layout
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$string
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$style
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$styleable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$color
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$id
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$string
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$style
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$styleable
com/reactnativecommunity/clipboard/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.clipboard.R$xml
org/reactnative/camera/R.java
 org.reactnative.camera.R
 org.reactnative.camera.R$anim
 org.reactnative.camera.R$attr
 org.reactnative.camera.R$bool
 org.reactnative.camera.R$color
 org.reactnative.camera.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.camera.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.camera.R$id
 org.reactnative.camera.R$integer
 org.reactnative.camera.R$layout
 org.reactnative.camera.R$string
 org.reactnative.camera.R$style
 org.reactnative.camera.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.camera.R$xml
com/reactnativehasnotch/R.java
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$anim
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$attr
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$bool
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$color
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$dimen
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$drawable
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$id
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$integer
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$layout
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$string
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$style
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$styleable
 com.reactnativehasnotch.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/iid/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.iid.R
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/oblador/vectoricons/R.java
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$anim
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$attr
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$bool
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$color
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$dimen
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$drawable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$id
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$integer
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$layout
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$string
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$style
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$styleable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/simple/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$styleable
com/microsoft/appcenter/reactnative/crashes/R.java
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$anim
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$attr
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$bool
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$color
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$dimen
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$drawable
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$id
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$integer
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$layout
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$string
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$style
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$styleable
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.crashes.R$xml
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/android/installreferrer/R.java
 com.android.installreferrer.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
com/reactnativecommunity/geolocation/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
com/ssapp/ReactNativeFlipper.java
 com.ssapp.ReactNativeFlipper
 com.ssapp.ReactNativeFlipper$1
 com.ssapp.ReactNativeFlipper$2
 com.ssapp.ReactNativeFlipper$2$1
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
com/bumptech/glide/integration/okhttp/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/reactnativecommunity/asyncstorage/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$xml
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/ssapp/R.java
 com.ssapp.R
 com.ssapp.R$anim
 com.ssapp.R$animator
 com.ssapp.R$attr
 com.ssapp.R$bool
 com.ssapp.R$color
 com.ssapp.R$dimen
 com.ssapp.R$drawable
 com.ssapp.R$id
 com.ssapp.R$integer
 com.ssapp.R$interpolator
 com.ssapp.R$layout
 com.ssapp.R$mipmap
 com.ssapp.R$plurals
 com.ssapp.R$string
 com.ssapp.R$style
 com.ssapp.R$styleable
 com.ssapp.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
com/google/firebase/encoders/json/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.json.R
com/dieam/reactnativepushnotification/R.java
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$anim
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$attr
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$bool
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$color
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$dimen
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$drawable
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$id
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$integer
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$layout
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$string
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$style
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$styleable
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$xml
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$color
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$id
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$string
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$style
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$styleable
com/dylanvann/fastimage/R.java
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$anim
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$attr
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$bool
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$color
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$dimen
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$drawable
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$id
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$integer
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$layout
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$string
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$style
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$styleable
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$color
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$id
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$string
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$style
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/microsoft/appcenter/reactnative/analytics/R.java
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$anim
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$attr
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$bool
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$color
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$dimen
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$drawable
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$id
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$integer
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$layout
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$string
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$style
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$styleable
 com.microsoft.appcenter.reactnative.analytics.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/vision/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision.R
com/microsoft/appcenter/crashes/R.java
 com.microsoft.appcenter.crashes.R
com/google/android/gms/clearcut/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.clearcut.R
